USHIFT-492: Update, clarify getting_started doc (#1077)
openshift/microshift: docs/getting_started.md

```

Watch the OS console of the virtual machine to see the progress of the installation, waiting until the machine is rebooted and the login prompt appears.

> The OS console is also accessible from the `virt-manager GUI` as a result of running `sudo virt-manager`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Run the `sudo virt-manager` command to access the OS console in the `virt-manager` GUI.
```

> The OS console is also accessible from the `virt-manager GUI` as a result of running `sudo virt-manager`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Run the `sudo virt-manager` command to access the OS console in the `virt-manager` application user interface.
```

## Access MicroShift

> From the OS console of the virtual machine, it is possible to log into the machine using your user credentials, `redhat:redhat`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to log into the virtual machine from the OS console or using SSH.
```

> However, it is most convenient to access the MicroShift virtual machine using SSH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

First, get the machine IP address with the following command.

```bash
sudo virsh domifaddr microshift-starter
#example output
 Name       MAC address          Protocol     Address
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 vnet2      52:54:00:6d:08:f7    ipv4         192.168.122.2/24
```

> Then, verify the virtual machine is accessable using SSH and the user credentials, `redhat:redhat`.
> 
> ```bash
> sudo ssh redhat@192.168.122.2 # when prompted, password is `redhat`.
> exit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is not necessary

Author: removed & pushed from local, thanks

```

Copy your pull secret file to the MicroShift virtual machine using `redhat:redhat` credentials.

```bash
USHIFT_IP=192.168.122.2

> sudo scp ~/.pull-secret.json redhat@${USHIFT_IP}:

Reviewer: Why is `sudo` required here? I do not think it is.

Author: turns out I had too many auth failures w/ non-root ssh bc ssh was trying all my old rsa keys I had in there, once I cleared them out I get the password prompt :) I was also very confused as to why that was necessary - now I know (it's not)

Author: removed the sudo & pushed the update - thanks!

```

Log into the MicroShift virtual machine.

```bash

> sudo ssh redhat@192.168.122.2 # when prompted, password is `redhat`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ssh redhat@${USHIFT_IP} # when prompted, password is `redhat`
```

Author: turns out I had too many auth failures w/ non-root ssh bc ssh was trying all my old rsa keys I had in there, once I cleared them out I get the password prompt :)

Author: updated to remove sudo & pushed from local, thanks

> Log into the MicroShift virtual machine.
> 
> ```bash
> sudo ssh redhat@192.168.122.2 # when prompted, password is `redhat`
> ```
> 
> The remaining commands are to be executed from within the virtual machine as the `redhat` user.
> 
> Configure `CRI-O` to use the pull secret and start the MicroShift service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log into the MicroShift virtual machine.
```bash
sudo ssh redhat@${USHIFT_IP}
```

The following commands are to be executed from within the virtual machine as the `redhat` user.

Configure `CRI-O` to use the pull secret and start the MicroShift service.
```
